Better images for illustrating neural networks (#139)
carpentries-incubator/deep-learning-intro: _episodes/01-introduction.md

The image below shows some differences between artificial intelligence, Machine Learning and Deep Learning. 

![An infographics showing the relation of AI, ML, NN and DL](../fig/01_AI_ML_DL_differences.svg){: width="500px" }
The image above is by Tukijaaliwa, CC BY-SA 4.0, via Wikimedia Commons, [original source]( https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:AI-ML-DL.svg)

#### Neural Networks

> A neural network is an artificial intelligence technique loosely based on the way neurons in the brain work. A neural network consists of connected computational units called neurons. Each neuron has one or more inputs and takes the sum of these each multiple by a weight, performs some, typically non-linear, calculation on the sum and produces one output. This calculation is called the activation function. An extra input called a bias term is usually attached with a value fixed at 1.

Reviewer: This could be reframed as a bullet list for easier visual parsing. Perhaps like so:

```suggestion
A neural network is an artificial intelligence technique loosely based on the way neurons in the brain work. A neural network consists of connected computational units called **neurons**. Each neuron ... 

- has one or more inputs, e.g. input data expressed as floating point numbers
- most of the time, each neuron conducts 3 main operations:
  + take the weighted sum of the inputs
  + add an extra constant weight (i.e. a bias term) to this weighted sum
  + apply a non-linear function to the output so far (using a predefined activation function)
- return one output value, again a floating point number
```

This is just a suggestion.

![A diagram of a single artificial neuron](../fig/01_neuron.png){: width="600px"}

> Multiple neurons can be joined together by connecting the output of one to the input of another. These connections are called edges. The weights determines the 'strength' of the connection, the weights are adjusted during training. In this way, the combination of neurons and edges describe a computational graph, an example can be seen in the image below. In most neural networks neurons are aggregated into layers. Signals travel from the input layer to the output layer, possibly through one or more intermediate layers called hidden layers. 

Reviewer: This paragraph mentions the term `edge` multiple times. Will this be reused later? If not, I'd contemplate to not stress it too much to keep the cognitive load low.

The image below shows an example of a neural network with three layers, each circle is a neuron, each line is an edge and the arrows indicate the direction data moves in.

![A diagram of a three layer neural network.](../fig/01_neural_net.png){: width="400px"}
The image above is by Glosser.ca, CC BY-SA 3.0 <https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0>, via Wikimedia Commons, [original source](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Colored_neural_network.svg)

Neural networks aren't a new technique, they have been around since the late 1940s. But until around 2010 neural networks tended to be quite small, consisting of only 10s or perhaps 100s of neurons. This limited them to only solving quite basic problems. Around 2010 improvements in computing power and the algorithms for training the networks made much larger and more powerful networks practical. These are known as deep neural networks or Deep Learning.

> Deep Learning requires extensive training using example data which shows the network what output it should produce for a given input. One common application of Deep Learning is classifying images. Here the network will be trained by being "shown" a series of images and told what they contain. Once the network is trained it should be able to take another image and correctly classify its contents. But we are not restricted to just using images, any kind of data can be learned by a Deep Learning neural network. This makes them able to appear to learn a set of complex rules only by being shown what the inputs and outputs of those rules are instead of being taught the actual rules. Using these approaches Deep Learning networks have been taught to play video games and even drive cars. The data on which networks are trained usually has to be quite extensive, typically including thousands of examples. For this reason they are not suited to all applications and should be considered just one of many machine learning techniques which are available.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Deep Learning requires extensive training using large example datasets. During training, the network is shown what output it should produce for a given input. One common application of Deep Learning is classifying images. Here the network will be trained by being "shown" a series of images and told what they contain. Once the network is trained it should be able to take another (unseen) image and correctly classify its contents. But we are not restricted to just using images, any kind of data can be learned by a Deep Learning neural network. This makes them able to appear to learn a set of complex rules only by being shown what the inputs and outputs of those rules are instead of being taught the actual rules. Using these approaches Deep Learning networks have been taught to play video games and even drive cars. The data on which networks are trained usually has to be quite extensive, typically including thousands of examples. For this reason they are not suited to all applications and should be considered just one of many machine learning techniques which are available.
```

I really like this paragraph as in touches on so many things between the lines.
